*Sales Performance
1.What is the total revenue generated over a specific period (e.g., monthly, quarterly)?
Average Daily Revenue - 1000-2000
Average Weekly Revenue - 7000-9000
Average Monthly Revenue -30.00k-50.00k
Average Yearly Revenue -100.5k-130.20k
2.Which product category generates the highest revenue?
The product category that generates highest revenue is Electronics & secondly Clothing
3.What are the top-selling products by quantity sold?
Clothing is the top-selling product in Quanities
4.How has the total amount of transactions changed over time?
Month-vise May is the Highest Sales recorded, secondly October, thirdly Decemeber and February and the Last is September.


*Customer Behavior
1.How does purchasing behavior differ between genders?
Female Customers are increased compared to Male in all
(Average Revenue, Total Revenue, Total No.of Transactions)
2.Which age group contributes the most to total sales?
40-60
3.What is the average age of customers, and how does it vary by product category?
The average age of customers is 40, There top purchases is Clothings
4.Are there any trends in purchase frequency by gender or age?
Gender-vise Female customers are high and Age-vise 40-60 age group is high 
(Unique Customers,Total Transaction,Average Transactions per Customer)

*Product Analysis
1.Which product category has the highest average price per unit?
Beauty Product has the highest average per unit
2.How does the quantity sold vary across different product categories?
Clothing is the Highly sold product in Quatities
Beauty is the Least Sold product in qualitities
3.Are there any product categories with unusually high or low total amounts?,
No Unusual high or low amount,All tends to be normal

*Segmentation and Targeting
1.Which combination of gender and age group buys the most expensive products?
All Age Groups buy expensive, But 60-100 shows low interest in beauty and 0-18 in Electronics
All Gender shows equal interest on buying the expensive products
2.Are there specific product categories preferred by certain demographic segments?
Female show more interest in Clothing and Less interest in Beauty (total_purchase_amount)
Male show more interest in Electronics and less interest in Beauty
3.What is the average transaction value per customer segment (e.g., by gender or age range)?
Female = 456.55
Male = 455.43


*Actionable Recommendations
Which product categories should be promoted based on sales performance?
Beauty products 

Are there opportunities to adjust pricing for underperforming categories?
Yes for Beauty Products 

Should marketing campaigns target specific age groups or genders based on purchase trends?
Yes 
0-18 age = Electronics and 40-60 age = skincare(Beauty)
Marketing campaigns should target male customers

